Init a EIP for Commit Interface (#5732)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5732.md

---
eip: 5732

> title: Simple Commit Interface

Reviewer: Should you add a reveal function?

Author: Nope~ the purpose is all other functions *can* be a reveal function.

> description: A simple but general commit interface to support commit-reveal scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A simple generic interface to support a commit-reveal scheme.
```
How about this?

Author: haha just wanna use the "but" to separate "simple" and "general" because they refer to different charecteristics of this EIP

author: Zainan Victor Zhou (@xinbenlv)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-5732-simple-commit-interface-to-support-commit-reveal-schemes/11115
status: Draft
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: 2022-09-29
requires: 165
---

## Abstract

> A simple commit interface to support commit-reveal scheme.

Reviewer: Needs a little bit more elaboration.

Author: Let me elaborate it.

Author: Done

        ballots[msg.sender][_proposalId] = _optionId;
    }

    // Ballot tally method omitted.
}
```

When integrating with this EIP, it becomes this

```solidity
interface ISimpleVote {
    function vote(uint256 _proposalId);
}

contract BarVote is ISimpleVote, IERC_COMMIT {
    mapping(address => address => bool) proposalVotes;
    mapping(address => bytes32) lastCommits;
    mapping(uint256 => uint256) proposalDeadlines; // block number of deadline for each proposal

    function commit(bytes32 _commitment, bytes calldata _extraData) {
        lastCommits[msg.sender] = _commitment;
    }

    function vote(address _proposalId, uint8 _optionId, bytes calldata _extraData) {
        // pseudo code.
        require(lastCommits[msg.sender] == _recomputeCommit(msg.sender, _proposalId, _optionId, _extraData[:32])); // the commitment from last sender was
        delete lastCommits[msg.sender]; // immediately delete commits to avoid reentry attack.
         ballots[msg.sender][_proposalId] = _optionId;
    }

    function _recomputeCommit(address _sender, address _proposalId, uint8 _optionId, bytes32 _secretSalt) returns (bytes32){

>         return keccak256(abi.encodePack(_sender, _optionId, _amount, _secretSalt));

Reviewer 2: This shouldn't be `_amount` used. Instead, this line should be

```Solidity
return keccak256(abi.encodePack(_sender, _proposalId, _optionId, _secretSalt);
```
